README.md, before:

# Sprints Shopping App

Welcome to **Sprints Shopping App**, a Flutter project designed to showcase a simple yet elegant grocery shopping app. This project demonstrates the use of various Flutter widgets and packages to create a visually appealing and functional user interface.

## Screenshots

| Output                     |
| -------------------------- |
| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4c7b9d3f-37e5-49aa-84dc-d1d87e61df8e"/> |

| Splash                     | Signin                     | Signup                     | Home                       | Adding to Cart             |
| -------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27ad281a-4d6b-4d93-8401-52f19159fc90"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d2a658b2-0159-4c3c-9b1a-235c70a9a4f1"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a514191-61d7-45d4-80b6-58cf923e0bed"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/872ef61c-0d43-4220-9230-14aef670e55b"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c5b12af0-dad4-4559-ba96-9d4bb1339545"/> |

### App Demo 🎥

[Watch the video here](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38f17887-c2e7-43a1-977d-153edf7ecad7)

## Features

- **Home Banner**: A carousel slider displaying promotional images.
- **Best Selling Section**: A grid view showcasing the best-selling products.
- **Hot Offers Section**: A horizontally scrollable list view displaying hot offers with images and text.

## Packages Used

- **[cached_network_image](https://pub.dev/packages/cached_network_image)**: For efficient image loading and caching.
- **[another_flushbar](https://pub.dev/packages/another_flushbar)**: For displaying beautiful and customizable in-app notifications.
- **[flutter_bloc](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_bloc)**: For state management using the BLoC pattern.
- **[flutter_screenutil](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_screenutil)**: For adapting screen and font size to different screen sizes.
- **[flutter_secure_storage](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_secure_storage)**: For storing data securely.
- **[persistent_bottom_nav_bar](https://pub.dev/packages/persistent_bottom_nav_bar)**: For a customizable bottom navigation bar.
- **[flutter_spinkit](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_spinkit)**: For loading spinners.
- **[firebase_core](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_core)**: For Firebase core functionalities.
- **[lottie](https://pub.dev/packages/lottie)**: For Lottie animations.
- **[cupertino_icons](https://pub.dev/packages/cupertino_icons)**: For iOS style icons.
- **[dio](https://pub.dev/packages/dio)**: For networking.
- **[retrofit](https://pub.dev/packages/retrofit)**: For type-safe HTTP client.
- **[pretty_dio_logger](https://pub.dev/packages/pretty_dio_logger)**: For logging network requests.
- **[shared_preferences](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences)**: For local storage.
- **[flutter_native_splash](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_native_splash)**: For splash screen.
- **[flutter_svg](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_svg)**: For SVG support.
- **[json_serializable](https://pub.dev/packages/json_serializable)**: For JSON serialization.
- **[json_annotation](https://pub.dev/packages/json_annotation)**: For JSON annotations.
- **[get_it](https://pub.dev/packages/get_it)**: For dependency injection.
- **[freezed](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed)**: For code generation.
- **[freezed_annotation](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed_annotation)**: For annotations used with Freezed.

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/OmarAmeer96/Sprints-Shopping-App.git
   ```
2. **Navigate to the project directory**:
   ```sh
   cd Sprints-Shopping-App
   ```
3. **Install dependencies**:
   ```sh
   flutter pub get
   ```
4. **Run the app**:
   ```sh
   flutter run
   ```

## Project Structure

- **lib/main.dart**: The entry point of the application.
- **lib/features/home/ui.dart**: The home screen of the application.
- **lib/features/home/logic/**: Contains the BLoC logic for the home screen.
- **lib/features/home/data.dart**: Contains the data models and repos for the home screen.
- **lib/features/signin/ui.dart**: The sign-in screen of the application.
- **lib/features/signin/logic/**: Contains the BLoC logic for the sign-in screen.
- **lib/features/signin/data.dart**: Contains the data models and repos for the sign-in screen.
- **lib/features/signup/ui.dart**: The sign-up screen of the application.
- **lib/features/signup/logic/**: Contains the BLoC logic for the sign-up screen.
- **lib/features/signup/data.dart**: Contains the data models and repos for the sign-up screen.

Commit message:

Update README and enhance page transition animations

README.md, after:

# Sprints Shopping App with Animation

Welcome to **Sprints Shopping App with Animation**, a Flutter project designed to showcase a simple yet elegant grocery shopping app. This project demonstrates the use of various Flutter widgets and packages to create a visually appealing and functional user interface.

## Screenshots

| Output                                                                                       |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4c7b9d3f-37e5-49aa-84dc-d1d87e61df8e"/> |

| Splash                                                                                       | Signin                                                                                       | Signup                                                                                       | Home                                                                                         | Adding to Cart                                                                               |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27ad281a-4d6b-4d93-8401-52f19159fc90"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d2a658b2-0159-4c3c-9b1a-235c70a9a4f1"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a514191-61d7-45d4-80b6-58cf923e0bed"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/872ef61c-0d43-4220-9230-14aef670e55b"/> | <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c5b12af0-dad4-4559-ba96-9d4bb1339545"/> |

### App Demo 🎥

[Watch the video here](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38f17887-c2e7-43a1-977d-153edf7ecad7)

## Features

- **Home Banner**: A carousel slider displaying promotional images.
- **Best Selling Section**: A grid view showcasing the best-selling products.
- **Hot Offers Section**: A horizontally scrollable list view displaying hot offers with images and text.

## Packages Used

- **[cached_network_image](https://pub.dev/packages/cached_network_image)**: For efficient image loading and caching.
- **[another_flushbar](https://pub.dev/packages/another_flushbar)**: For displaying beautiful and customizable in-app notifications.
- **[flutter_bloc](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_bloc)**: For state management using the BLoC pattern.
- **[flutter_screenutil](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_screenutil)**: For adapting screen and font size to different screen sizes.
- **[flutter_secure_storage](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_secure_storage)**: For storing data securely.
- **[persistent_bottom_nav_bar](https://pub.dev/packages/persistent_bottom_nav_bar)**: For a customizable bottom navigation bar.
- **[flutter_spinkit](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_spinkit)**: For loading spinners.
- **[firebase_core](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_core)**: For Firebase core functionalities.
- **[lottie](https://pub.dev/packages/lottie)**: For Lottie animations.
- **[cupertino_icons](https://pub.dev/packages/cupertino_icons)**: For iOS style icons.
- **[dio](https://pub.dev/packages/dio)**: For networking.
- **[retrofit](https://pub.dev/packages/retrofit)**: For type-safe HTTP client.
- **[pretty_dio_logger](https://pub.dev/packages/pretty_dio_logger)**: For logging network requests.
- **[shared_preferences](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences)**: For local storage.
- **[flutter_native_splash](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_native_splash)**: For splash screen.
- **[flutter_svg](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_svg)**: For SVG support.
- **[json_serializable](https://pub.dev/packages/json_serializable)**: For JSON serialization.
- **[json_annotation](https://pub.dev/packages/json_annotation)**: For JSON annotations.
- **[get_it](https://pub.dev/packages/get_it)**: For dependency injection.
- **[freezed](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed)**: For code generation.
- **[freezed_annotation](https://pub.dev/packages/freezed_annotation)**: For annotations used with Freezed.
- **[page_transition](https://pub.dev/packages/page_transition)**: For page transition animations.

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/OmarAmeer96/Sprints-Shopping-App-with-Animation.git
   ```
2. **Navigate to the project directory**:
   ```sh
   cd Sprints-Shopping-App
   ```
3. **Install dependencies**:
   ```sh
   flutter pub get
   ```
4. **Run the app**:
   ```sh
   flutter run
   ```

## Project Structure

- **lib/main.dart**: The entry point of the application.
- **lib/features/home/ui.dart**: The home screen of the application.
- **lib/features/home/logic/**: Contains the BLoC logic for the home screen.
- **lib/features/home/data.dart**: Contains the data models and repos for the home screen.
- **lib/features/signin/ui.dart**: The sign-in screen of the application.
- **lib/features/signin/logic/**: Contains the BLoC logic for the sign-in screen.
- **lib/features/signin/data.dart**: Contains the data models and repos for the sign-in screen.
- **lib/features/signup/ui.dart**: The sign-up screen of the application.
- **lib/features/signup/logic/**: Contains the BLoC logic for the sign-up screen.
- **lib/features/signup/data.dart**: Contains the data models and repos for the sign-up screen.
